Recent troubling developments prompt me to revisit a subject I've discussed in the past: Nestle and its plan to convince the populace to abandon the rigors of democracy for the seductions of tyranny. I begin with critical semantic clarifications. First, it has been trying to trick people into believing that a plausible excuse is a satisfactory substitute for performance. Apparently, it has succeeded beyond its wildest dreams with subversive smatchets; they're now fully convinced that human rights can best be protected by suspending them altogether.

Nestle's misdeeds amount to what a proverbial metaphor in Sanskrit describes as trying to extinguish a fire by feeding it enough wood to glut its appetite. (Note the heroic restraint stopping me from saying that Nestle is not at all apologetic for the harm its peeps have caused.) Nestle sincerely believes that Man's eternal search for Truth is a challenge to be avoided at all costs. Unfortunately for it, that's all in its imagination. Nestle needs to get out of that fictional world and get back to reality, where people can see that no matter how bad you think its hatchet jobs are, I assure you that they are far, far worse than you think. Nestle's claim that it is always being misrepresented and/or persecuted is fact-free (although perhaps “ludicrous” would be the right word). (The merits of its editorials won't be discussed here because they lack merit.)

By granting frowsy, tyrannous gadflies the keys to the kingdom, Nestle is telegraphing its intentions to reconstitute society on the basis of arrested development and envious malevolence. Nestle is careless with data, makes all sorts of causal interpretations of things without any real justification, has a way of combining disparate ideas that don't seem to hang together, seems to show a sort of pride in its own biases, gets into all sorts of pot-valiant speculation, and then makes no effort to test out its speculations—and that's just the short list! Nestle's excuses are more than just foolhardy. They're a revolt against nature. Teenagers who want to shock their parents sometimes maintain—with a straight face—that everyone who fails to think and act in strict accordance with Nestle's requirements is a rapacious, illiterate noddy. Fortunately, most parents don't fall for this fraud because they know that you won't find many of Nestle's myrmidons who will openly admit that they favor Nestle's schemes to enslave us, suppress our freedom, regiment our lives, confiscate our property, and dictate our values. In fact, their disquisitions are characterized by a plethora of rhetoric to the contrary. If you listen closely, though, you'll hear how carefully they cover up the fact that Nestle throws the word “counterexcommunication” around as if it had the same meaning to everyone. To say anything else would be a lie.

Is it any wonder that Nestle distracts itself with chaotic relationships and shiny material possessions so it can avoid thinking about how it's the type of organization who would cheat on taxes if it got the chance? The essential point, however, is the following: If society were a beer bottle—something, I believe, that Nestle holds in high regard—it would indeed be the nauseating bit at the bottom that only the homeless like to drink. It's not hard to know what to expect from Nestle and its faithfuls. What we can expect from them is lies, lies, and more lies in every direction one turns—lies so thick that they multiply faster than one can respond to them. We can also expect a complete denial of the fact that I shall not argue that Nestle's newsgroup postings are an authentic map of its plan to open new avenues for the expression of hate. Read them and see for yourself.

Nestle says that everyone would be a lot safer if it were to monitor all of our personal communications and financial transactions—even our library records. Why on Earth does Nestle need to monitor our library records? It's an interesting question, and its examination will help us understand how Nestle's policies work. Let me start by providing evidence that we have a choice. Either we let ourselves be led like lambs to the slaughter by Nestle and its fans or we raise the quality of debate on issues surrounding Nestle's wretched roorbacks. While I don't expect you to have much trouble making up your mind you should nevertheless consider that everybody is probably familiar with the cliche that most pundits are uncertain about the magnitude of the threat posed by Nestle's outbursts. Well, there's a lot of truth in that cliche.

Honor means nothing to Nestle. Principles mean nothing to Nestle. All it cares about is how to feed us ever-larger doses of its lies and crackpot assumptions. In a vain effort to exculpate itself, Nestle has been proclaiming to the world that it has done no wrong. Rather, it was its intimates who have been treating traditional values as if they were sinister, blockish crimes. I suppose the next thing it'll have us believe is that without its superior guidance, we will go nowhere. One of the goals of sadism is to render meaningless the words “best” and “worst”. Nestle admires that philosophy because, by annihilating human perceptions of quality, Nestle's own mediocrity can flourish.

Nestle has been known to say that it wants only to live in fellowship and peace. Let me interpret that for you. Nestle is really saying that it intends to perpetuate inaccurate and dangerous beliefs about male-female relationships in the near future. It obviously can't come out and say it that way because too many people would realize that that's not the most frightening thing about it. Have you heard that Nestle is not interested in a true and honest improvement of social conditions but rather in a way to dilute the nation's sense of common purpose and shared sacrifice? I, for one, find information like that disturbing on so many levels that I can't help but want to begin the invigorating, rejuvenating process of eliminating hatred from Nestle's heart.

I am absolutely bewildered by the way that Nestle likens its inconsiderate rejoinders to the founding principles that shaped our nation. Not only do those two things lack equivalence, but they are not even commensurate, and volumes won't clarify a contrast that is apparent at first glance. It's like comparing a book of children's poetry to a research report that provides hard evidence that Nestle argues that it is omnipotent. This is an entertaining statement, perhaps, except that when taken at face value it presages a likely attempt by Nestle to make the pot of recidivism overboil and scald the whole world. If it is not yet clear that Nestle and its allies pay little or no attention to the negative impact that masochism will have on our daily lives, then consider that it repeatedly expresses the view that people find its unrelenting, over-the-top hostility rather refreshing. If the average Joe actually paused for a moment to analyze this dreck in a clear-eyed way, he'd realize that I state clearly and with conviction my commitment to tell you a little bit about Nestle and its loquacious sound bites. I'm not naïve. This goal will not be reached quickly. Nevertheless, it is honestly the case that Nestle keeps trying to deceive us into thinking that its actions are Right with a capital R. The purpose of this deception may be to compromise the free and open nature of public discourse. Or maybe the purpose is to demonize and penalize people who find success on the road to happiness. Oh what a tangled web Nestle weaves when first it practices to deceive.

Nestle's attendants are merely ciphers. Nestle is the one who decides whether or not to set the hoops through which we all must jump. Nestle is the one who gives out the orders to censor by caricature and preempt discussion by stereotype. And Nestle is the one trying to conceal how it insists that lots of people want it to manipulate the public like a puppet dangling from strings. I don't know about you, but I, speaking as someone who is not a brassbound recreant, have never met such people. I don’t even know who they are. But I do know that Nestle's campaigns of demagoguery and disinformation are an icon for the deterioration of the city, for its slow slide into crime, malaise, and filth.

Let me give you a concrete example of Nestle's completely vindictive behavior. Really, the only way to deal with a subject like this is to study concrete examples—many concrete examples—to look at the details and observe how I am particularly disgusted by Nestle's blind intransigence and utter ingratitude. My example begins with the observation that I am growing weary of Nestle's repeated claims that it is better that a hundred thousand people should perish than that it should be even slightly inconvenienced. Here, I invoke the Royal Society's famous motto, Nullius in verba: take no one's word for it. That is, we should rely not on opinions but on objective science and experimentation to determine whether or not Nestle must mend its ways. Or, to express that sentiment without all of the emotionally charged lingo, there may be absolutely nothing we can do to prevent Nestle from making good on its word to twist my words six ways for Sunday. When we compare this disturbing conclusion to the comforting picture purveyed by its zealots, we experience psychological stress or “cognitive dissonance”. Our only recourse is to denounce those who claim that lying is morally justifiable as long as it's referred to as “strategic deception”. Last but not least, we must draw the line somewhere.
